docs(*) retract new grammatical/stylistic errors (#1247)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: README.md

To update the scraper config, you can submit a pull request to the config. To
test a config change locally, you will need to run their open source
[scraper](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-scraper) against your own
scraper to test out config changes.

## Generating the Plugin Development Kit documentation

- Have a local clone of Kong
- Install Luarocks (comes with Kong)
- Install `ldoc` using Luarocks: `luarocks install ldoc 1.4.6`

> - In the Kong repository, checkout the desired branch/tag/release

Author: ```suggestion
- In the Kong repository, check out the desired branch/tag/release
```

## Generating the Admin API, CLI and Configuration Documentation

- Make sure that the `resty` and `luajit` executables are in your `$PATH` (installing kong should install them)

> - Several Lua rocks are needed. Easiest way to get all of them is to execute `make dev` in the Kong folder

Author: ```suggestion
- Several Lua rocks are needed. The easiest way to get all of them is to execute `make dev` in the Kong folder
```

- Have a local clone of Kong

> - In the Kong repository, checkout the desired branch/tag/release

Author: ```suggestion
- In the Kong repository, check out the desired branch/tag/release
```
